DOC-244: Note that eager conversion will be a thing of the past (#783)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: doc-surrealdb_versioned_docs/version-latest/surrealql/datamodel/uuid.mdx

---

:::note

> ___NOTE:___ As of version 2.0.0, SurrealDB no longer eagerly converts a string into a UUID. An implicit `u` prefix or cast using `<uuid>` is required instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__NOTE:__ As of `v2.0.0`, SurrealDB no longer eagerly converts a string into a UUID. An implicit `u` prefix or cast using `<uuid>` is required instead.
```
